release: Include zephyr controller qualification fixes and release documentation updates (#3009)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/release-notes-1.3.2.rst

Support for production and deployment in end products is coming soon.

Highlights
**********

* Zephyr Bluetooth LE Controller is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1 qualified.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.3.2**.
Check the ``west.yml`` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

* mfw_nrf9160_1.2.1

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Updating the nRF9160 DK cellular modem`_ for instructions.

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF5
====

The following changes are relevant for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.

* Zephyr Bluetooth LE controller:

  * Fixed invalid disconnect reason in the disconnect complete event.

>   * Changed the controller HCI version to Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1.

Reviewer: This sounds confusing. Do you mean "Changed the controller HCI version to be compatible with/to follow the Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1."?
(Please don't change right now, I'm working on the branch ;) )

Author: I only changed the version number, and the version number means Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1

Reviewer: Changed from where? This wasn't in the previous release notes.

I don't understand what we're trying to say here. How can the HCI version be the Bluetooth specification?
But if that's what we want to say, fine.

Author: https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/assigned-numbers/link-layer/

In 1.3.0 and 1.3.1 it is 5.2. We also didn't include qualification before, so we haven't mentioned it's version either.

Reviewer: I think it should be something like 
```suggestion
  * Selected the controller HCI version that corresponds to the Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1.
```
But if that's wrong, leave as is.

Reviewer 2: This should be: "The controller HCI version, reported with the Read Local Version Information HCI command, has been changed to match version 5.1 of the Bluetooth Core Specification".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed the controller HCI version (reported with the Read Local Version Information HCI command) to match version 5.1 of the Bluetooth Core Specification.
```
